Update enable-virtualization-based-protection-of-code-integrity.md (#10011)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/device-guard/enable-virtualization-based-protection-of-code-integrity.md

### Requirements for running HVCI in Hyper-V virtual machines
-   The Hyper-V host must run at least Windows Server 2016 or Windows 10 version 1607.
-   The Hyper-V virtual machine must be Generation 2, and running at least Windows Server 2016 or Windows 10.

> -   HVCI and [nested virtualization](/virtualization/hyper-v-on-windows/user-guide/nested-virtualization) can be enabled at the same time. To enable HyperV role on the VM, first install the HyperV role in a Windows nested virtualization environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   HVCI and [nested virtualization](/virtualization/hyper-v-on-windows/user-guide/nested-virtualization) can be enabled at the same time. To enable the HyperV role on the virtual machine, you must first install the HyperV role in a Windows nested virtualization environment.
```
